you disagree with the notion made
Popular by Stephen Hawking and others
that that Free Will is in fact a sort of
Illusion can you talk about that
yes uh this is
um uh this is the idea that
um because
we are made of atoms and atoms are
subject to laws of motion that don't
allow any wiggle room therefore
everything we do also doesn't allow any
wiggle room and therefore our Free Will
must be
um an illusion now I think that's
um that's that's called reductionism and
it is simply a mistake uh it's it's sort
of
um assuming that the laws of physics
are a kind of a person uh that they're a
kind of um a supernatural being that
makes us do things but it's not true the
laws of physics are simply a description
of what we